Chocolate mousse box

Ingredients:
- Canola oil spray
- 5 eggs
- 155g caster sugar
- 2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste
- 50g self-raising flour
- 1/2 teaspoon baking power
- 150g 70% cocoa dark chocolate, chopped
- 50g butter

Methods:
1.	Preheat oven to 180°C. Spray two 2cm-deep, 22.5 x 33cm Swiss roll 
	pans with oil. Line with non-stick baking paper.

2.	Use an electric beater to beat the eggs, sugar and vanilla in a bowl
	until thick and pale. Combine flour, cocoa powder and baking powder 
	in a bowl. Sift one-third of the flour mixture over the egg mixture. 
	Use a large metal spoon to fold until just combined. Repeat, in 2 more 
	batches, with the remaining flour mixture. Divide evenly between 
	prepared pans and smooth the surfaces. Bake for 15 minutes or until 
	the cakes spring back when lightly touched. Set aside in the pans on a
	wire rack to cool completely.

3.	Meanwhile, to make the mousse, use an electric beater to beat the egg 
	yolks and icing sugar in a bowl until thick and pale. Beat in the 
	chocolate and Frangelico. Whisk the cream in a bowl until soft peaks 
	form. Use a large metal spoon to gently fold the cream into the chocolate
	mixture. Use an electric beater to beat the egg whites in a clean, dry bowl
	until soft peaks form. Fold one-third of the egg white into the chocolate 
	mixture. Repeat, in 2 more batches, with remaining egg white. Cover surface
	with plastic wrap.

4.	Spray a 7.5cm-deep, 8.5 x 17cm loaf pan with oil and line with plastic wrap. 
	Turn the cakes onto a sheet of non-stick baking paper. Remove the top sheets 
	of paper. Line the base and sides of the prepared loaf pan with cake, cutting 
	to fit. Reserve excess cake. Cut two 8.5 x 17cm rectangles from the reserved 
	cake. 

5.	Spoon half the mousse over the cake base and smooth the surface. Top with 1 
	cake rectangle, pressing down gently. Spoon over the remaining mousse and 
	smooth the surface. Top with the remaining cake rectangle and press down gently.
	Wrap in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 4-6 hours or overnight to set. 

6.	Stir the chocolate and butter in a saucepan over low heat until chocolate melts 
	and the mixture is smooth. Turn the cake onto a serving platter and pour over 
	the chocolate sauce.