Fried Apple Pie with Salted Caramel

INGREDIENTS:
	200g crème fraîche
	½ lemon, zested, juiced
	100g caster sugar
	2 tsp ground cinnamon
	Vegetable oil, to deep-fry
	
PASTRY:
	300g (2 cups) plain flour
	20g cornflour
	50g sugar
	60g butter, softened
	
APPLE FILLING:
	100g butter
	4 granny smith apples, 2 peeled, roughly chopped, and 2 peeled, finely diced
	125ml (½ cup) apple juice
	½ tsp ground cinnamon
	1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped
	55g (¼ cup) brown sugar
	
PASTRY CRUMBS:
	100g plain flour
	100g butter, chopped
	50g caster sugar
	1 tsp ground cinnamon
	100g hazelnut meal
	
SALTED CARAMEL SAUCE:
	100g caster sugar
	200ml thickened cream
	Salt, to taste

METHOD:
1. Combine crème fraîche with lemon zest and juice in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Combine sugar and cinnamon with 1 pinch of salt in a small bowl. Set aside.
2. To make pastry, sift flours and sugar with 1 pinch of salt into the bowl of an electric mixer with a dough hook fitted. Add butter and 125ml (½ cup) water and mix (on low speed) until a dough forms. Increase speed to medium and mix for a further 3 minutes. Enclose dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, to make apple filling, melt half the butter in a medium frying pan over medium heat. Add chopped apples and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add apple juice and half the cinnamon and simmer for a further 7 minutes or until softened. Blend mixture until a purée forms, then place in a medium bowl to cool.
4. Melt remaining butter in a medium frying pan over medium heat. Add diced apples, vanilla bean, sugar and remaining cinnamon. Cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until apples are just tender. Stir mixture into apple purée and cool completely.
5. Roll out dough between 2 sheets of baking paper until 2mm thick. Using a 10cm round cutter, cut out eight circles from dough.
6. Divide cooled apple mixture among the centre of 4 pastry rounds, leaving a 1cm border. Top with remaining pastry rounds and pinch edges to seal.
7. Preheat oven to 170C. To make pastry crumbs, place all ingredients in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat (on medium speed) until well combined. Flatten out dough on a baking paper-lined oven tray and bake for 12 minutes or until crisp and golden. Cool completely, then process in a food processor until coarse crumbs form.
8. To make salted caramel, place sugar and 1 tbs water in a small frying pan over medium heat and cook, without stirring, for 5 minutes or until golden and sugar dissolves. Stir in cream and cook for 1 minute or until smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in salt.
9. Fill a deep-fryer or large saucepan one-third full with vegetable oil and heat over medium heat to 180C (or until a cube of bread turns golden in 10 seconds). Gently drop pies into oil and fry, turning halfway, for 3 minutes or until crisp and golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towel. Dust with cinnamon sugar.
10. Divide fried apple pies among serving plates and drizzle over warmed salted caramel sauce. Sprinkle with pastry crumbs and serve with crème fraîche to the side.