Shrimp in a Barrel

INGREDIENTS:
	12 large green prawns, peeled, deveined, tails left on
	Lettuce leaves, to serve
	
BOURBON SAUCE:
	1 garlic bulb, halved crossways
	1 tbs olive oil
	25g butter
	½ white onion, finely chopped
	2cm piece fresh ginger, grated
	½ tsp cayenne pepper
	½ tsp mild paprika
	½ tsp curry powder
	2 tbs brown sugar
	60ml bourbon whiskey
	225g can crushed pineapple in natural juice
	40ml light soy sauce
	30ml lemon juice
	2 tsp white vinegar
	
MARINADE:
	60ml pineapple juice
	3 tsp bourbon whiskey
	2 tsp olive oil
	2 tsp soy sauce
	2 tsp lemon juice
	1 clove garlic, crushed
	½ mild paprika
	
CHILI ENCRUSTED PEAS:
	2 cups frozen peas, thawed
	50g (1/3 cup) tapioca flour
	50g (1/3 cup) rice flour
	2 tsp mild paprika
	½ tsp chilli flakes
	½ tsp salt
	½ tsp black pepper
	vegetable oil, for shallow
	
	
METHOD:
1. To make sauce, preheat oven to 180C.
2. Drizzle garlic bulb half with oil and wrap in foil. Roast for 30 minutes. Unwrap and cool. Squeeze garlic out of skins.
3. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and ginger. Cook until soft and translucent.
4. Add roasted garlic and spices. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add bourbon. Simmer until reduced by half. Stir in sugar and canned pineapple (fruit & juice). Cook, stirring, until sugar has dissolved. Stir in soy, juice and vinegar. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Cool slightly. Blend until smooth. Season.
5. To make marinade, whisk all ingredients in a large bowl until combined. Add prawns and toss to combine. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
6. Meanwhile, to prepare peas, preheat oven to 200C.
7. Place peas in a single layer on an oven tray lined with baking paper. Roast about 15-20 minutes until just dry.
8. Combine flours, spices and seasoning in a bowl. Whisk in enough iced water (about 70ml) to form a smooth batter thick enough to coat the peas.
9. Heat ½ cm oil in a large frying pan over high heat.
10. Add peas to batter. Using a slotted spoon, scoop peas from batter allowing most of the excess to drip back into bowl. Holding the spoon close to the surface of the oil, gently push the peas, a few a time, into the oil with another spoon. Fry for 30-40 seconds until crisp. Drain on absorbent paper.
11. Heat a lightly oiled frying pan over high heat. Drain prawns and discard marinade. Cook prawns for 1-2 minutes on each side or until just cooked through.
12. Serve prawns with lettuce, sauce and peas.